now it's time for our second most
beloved Halloween tradition every year
we torture our wardrobe department by
taking half of one costume and half of
another costume when we combine them to
create a unique and wonderful hybrid for
instance in past we combine our old
Schwarzenegger and an egg roll to make
Arnold Schwarzenegger all we had Morocco
Obama and Aquaman we made Barack oh man
so and here it is our 13th annual half
at a Halloween costume
so and this is also gonna be a guessing
game for our audience this year would
you like to be part of this contest
please stand up
would you like to rub gear most belly
I'm okay okay all right what is your
name Brittany where you from Brittany
I'm from Portland Oregon and you're
dressed as like a oktoberfest yes
okay all right very good all right now
here's what we're gonna do we're gonna
show you a costume if you can think
about it when you see it if you can
correctly identify the costume we've
concocted you will get dinner for two
all right we're here Moe Johnson beanies
John and he's saying John and Vinny's
it's a restaurant
okay all right here we go
[Music]
[Applause]
but take a good look take it all in
the gavel okay
the doily oh who is that Judge Judy
Vader oh so close that is Darth Vader
Ginsburg is what we are looking oh boy
you're scary with those eyes or those
contacts yes they are what do you do for
work I work for a major airline for a
major airline you do not wear those I'm
guessing while you're flying the plane
oh okay very good all right here we go
you're ready do you think you can do
this here we go all right all right you
see what's going on here movie coming
out soon
got a little Mary Poppins what's the
other look at the body he's mighty here
ah you Diaz Harry Harry Poppins Harry
Poppins is
here look dinner for two uh ponies
intense its connie intense another happy
couple thank you very much alright who
else wants to give it a try how about
you what are you guys dressed as here oh
your beer pong okay good you got the
little beer things and little pong and
all that stuff are you drunk no no okay
that's good that will help you here are
you ready to do this alright bring out
our next trick or treater
[Applause]
this is a literally a lamp do you know
who this is
my guess is LeBron James you got half of
it who's the rest a clown a popular
clown maybe you know from restaurants
can't think a restaurant that starts
with an M did you just arrive on the
planet
McDonald's Jane Oh your clothes
it's the LeBron old McDonald everyone
apparently never eaten out before Adam
well thank you very much all right what
is your name
[Applause]
Olivia alright you ready to do this
where's our next trick or treater
oh yeah there you go the kids are all
dressed up like this one this year does
that ring a bell no not in any way okay
so it's Black Panther yes and what is
the number one threat to our teeth
cavities yeah but what causes them tar
what are you chewing on cigarettes you
eating the beach like plaque yes that is
right
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah république yes thank you very much
you think famous cats would know each
other alright what is your name
Cheyenne hi Cheyenne stand up please
what are you dressed as Winifred
Sanderson oh yeah from that thing right
hocus-pocus yes yeah that's an old movie
Deborah you saw that movie of course my
dad worked on the set oh he did oh how
about that Wow this must really bring
back memories for him alright are you
ready to do this yeah let's see our next
trick or treater
is both scary and delightful Pinkie Pie
and twisty the clap it well that's
creative it's complete nonsense but we
created my little clowny you're close
you're on the right track
my little itty what is your name my
little pony wise will give you something
anyway dinner for two Angelina Osteria
Angelina Austria thank you very much hi
what's your name the ghost with the most
Beetlejuice beetlejuice
that's a real name yeah okay let's bring
our next trick or treat
[Music]
and thank you what do you say teddy that
was quick
[Music]
beautiful two pellets what pellets Felix
yes yeah another cat related mistake hi
there what's your name
Wow are you from another country yes oh
that explains the accent okay now this
is might be a problem for you what
country are you from Austria do you get
these references do you understand any
of these things we've done so far yeah
okay all right all right well I'll help
you along here we go
[Music]
do you like music do you recognize that
hairstyle well oh yeah let's see yeah
uh-huh
and do you know about our fit most
famous fried chicken Jane here in the
United States it's not chicken of this
year though it could very well be I have
no idea but I like the shoes though
tell us what is your name Oh costumed
creature I am KFC KFC made your Dumbo
thank you very much and finally what is
unit come on step up what the hell is
this you're wearing I'm violet bjergaard
Oh from Willy Wonka or your oh wow you
have like a fan in there okay let's do
this quick before I get pushed off the
stage you might
oh my goodness look who it is
why it happens to be our good friend
from Dancing with the Stars Tom Bergeron
and yes Tom is this gonna take long
yes Tom it is gonna take long I was told
I'd be in an hour
[Music]
Tom could be the next mr. Kotter
you know what is this what is this
costume I think it might be Tom Bergeron
[Applause]
models thank you what do you have there
[Music]
all right well I want to thank Rodney
and Cindy in our whole wardrobe
department they have not slept in like
11 days thank you for your great work hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape